<!-- loio58bfae5b921c4e1ba80df0f2faef0cce -->

<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/sap-icons.css"/>

# Find a Run

You can find a run and explore its details.



<a name="loio58bfae5b921c4e1ba80df0f2faef0cce__prereq_grm_pft_yqb"/>

## Prerequisites

You have the roles `scenario_job_viewer` and `scenario_metric_viewer`, or a role collection that contains one of these roles.

For more information, see [Roles and Authorizations](roles-and-authorizations-4ef8499.md).



<a name="loio58bfae5b921c4e1ba80df0f2faef0cce__context_l33_xmx_4rb"/>

## Context

A run is a training process which generates a model. A run is created using a configuration and a run template.

A run's details consists of two tabs: *Overview* and *Metric Resource*.

-   The *Overview* tab displays the scenario and template, as well as the parameters, input dataset and output model associated with the run.

-   The *Metric Resource* tab displays the performance metrics and tags for the generated model.


> ### Tip:  
> In the *Functions Explorer* app, there are multiple ways to investigate a run's details. You can find a run via it's scenario and template, or search for it via *All Runs*.



## Procedure

1.  In the *Functions Explorer* app, find and display a run template. See [Investigate a Run Template](investigate-a-run-template-b753dc0.md).

    The *Template Details* screen appears with overview, configuration, and deployment details for the selected run template.

2.  On the *Template Details* screen, select the *Previous Runs* tab.

    The list shows all previous runs for the run template, as well as key details such as run ID, configuration name and ID, current and target status, created on and changed on timestamps.

3.  **Optional:** To compare metrics for up to five runs, see [Compare Run Metrics](compare-run-metrics-0255655.md).

4.  **Optional:** Filter the list by choosing <span class="SAP-icons-V5"></span> \(Filter\). The *Filter* dialog appears.

    1.  Enter the run ID or select a status.

    2.  Choose *Apply* to apply the filter to the list.


5.  To view the details for a run, select a run in the list or choose <span class="SAP-icons-V5"></span> \(More\).

    The *Overview* tab displays details associated with the run, such as run ID, names of the associated scenario and template, parameters, input dataset, and output model.

    > ### Tip:  
    > To find the model generated by the run, choose <span class="SAP-icons-V5"></span> \(Copy\) to copy the model ID. Then see [Investigate a Model](investigate-a-model-81dd954.md).

    The *Metric Resource* tab displays standard evaluation metrics and associated labels, tags, and custom info, which are stored and logged by the run template. You can compare metrics between different runs if required.


**Related Information**  


[Compare Run Metrics](compare-run-metrics-0255655.md "You compare metrics for runs to determine which configuration parameters result in optimum results.")

[Investigate a Run](investigate-a-run-e479244.md "You can explore run details for detailed insights about the training process for a model.")

[Runs](runs-396875a.md "A run is a training process that generates a model or models. A run is an instance of a run template (an AI pipeline), created using a configuration.")

