<!-- loio81dd9548580546f49457cdb469f00630 -->

<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/sap-icons.css"/>

# Investigate a Model

A model consists of overview and metric data.



<a name="loio81dd9548580546f49457cdb469f00630__prereq_grm_pft_yqb"/>

## Prerequisites

You have the `scenario_artifact_viewer` and `scenario_metric_viewer` roles, or you have been assigned a role collection that contains one of these roles.

For more information, see [Roles and Authorizations](roles-and-authorizations-4ef8499.md).



<a name="loio81dd9548580546f49457cdb469f00630__context_ehz_dwl_wtb"/>

## Context

A model consists of both overview and metric data. Overview data summarizes the labels, parameters, and inputs associated with the source run. Metric data is affected by the dataset and parameter values used by the run, and can be used to determine a model's quality.

You can find and display a model at either scenario or run template level. If you have copied a model's ID, you can also search for the model.

You can create a chart for an individual model, or create a chart to compare models.



<a name="loio81dd9548580546f49457cdb469f00630__steps_byj_phf_1rb"/>

## Procedure

1.  Find the run template. For more information, see [Investigate a Run Template](investigate-a-run-template-b753dc0.md).

2.  On the *Run Details* screen, select the *Associated Contents* tab.

    Objects associated with a run template are filtered by type, such as models or datasets.

3.  Select `Models` in the *Show* field to display all the models generated by the run template.

4.  **Optional:** Search the list by entering a model ID or partial value in the :mag: field.

    > ### Tip:  
    > When your runtime is SAP AI Core, this search is not case-sensitive. For other runtimes, search may be case-sensitive.

5.  **Optional:** To create a chart for a model, select a model in the list and choose *View Metrics*. See [Create Chart to Compare Models](create-chart-to-compare-models-377db35.md).

6.  To view the details for a model, select a model in the list or choose <span class="SAP-icons-V5"></span> \(More\).

    The *Model Details* screen appears with key details, such as model ID and description, scenario and template, created and changed on timestamps, and source run.

7.  Check the *Overview* tab for labels, parameters, and inputs associated with the source run.

8.  Check the *Metrics* tab to evaluate the quality of the model. See [View Metrics for a Model](view-metrics-for-a-model-a722666.md).


**Related Information**  


[Compare Model Metrics](compare-model-metrics-e357639.md "You can compare metrics for models to determine which configuration parameters result in optimum results.")

[Models](models-c3caa37.md "A model is an algorithm that learns patterns from a given set of training data (dataset) to accomplish a certain task. Models are generated by a training process. A model consists of files stored in a hyperscaler storage bucket (such as AWS S3).")

