<!-- loioc3caa37447ca4e5bb2548559bad80f7f -->

# Models

A model is an algorithm that learns patterns from a given set of training data \(dataset\) to accomplish a certain task. Models are generated by a training process. A model consists of files stored in a hyperscaler storage bucket \(such as AWS S3\).

When you create a run and train a model, a model is generated in the form of files. These files are written to the hyperscaler storage bucket connected to your subscribed AI service \(that is, your selected connection\). Each model has a unique model ID.

You use the *Functions Explorer* app to find and display a model, at either scenario or run template level.

As a business analyst using SAP AI Launchpad, you can generate models with a high degree of accuracy. You assess a model's quality and accuracy by evaluating the data on the *Metrics* tab. Metrics data is generated by the tun template during the training process. The datasets and hyperparameters selected affect the metrics \(quality of the model\). For more information, see [View Metrics for a Model](view-metrics-for-a-model-a722666.md).

When a model reaches the required quality, you can share the hyperparameters with the ML Ops users of your organization, who can then retrain the model on production datasets and deploy the model.

-   **[Investigate a Model](investigate-a-model-81dd954.md "A model consists of overview and metric data. ")**  
A model consists of overview and metric data.
-   **[View Metrics for a Model](view-metrics-for-a-model-a722666.md "A metric provides a measure of quality or confidence for a model.  ")**  
A metric provides a measure of quality or confidence for a model.
-   **[Compare Models](compare-models-cda743e.md "You can compare models to determine which configuration parameters result in optimum
		results.")**  
You can compare models to determine which configuration parameters result in optimum results.
-   **[Train a Model](train-a-model-d632ba9.md "In the Functions
                                    Explorer app, you
		create a run to train a model.")**  
In the *Functions Explorer* app, you create a run to train a model.

